5.x Update info regarding query changes. (#7506)
cakephp/docs: en/appendices/5-0-migration-guide.rst

  to retain the previous behavior.
- ``allowMultipleNulls`` option for ``isUnique`` rule now default to true matching
  the original 3.x behavior.

> - ``Table::query()`` has been removed. Instead operation focused methods have

Author: `Table::query()` hasn't been removed. I wanted to rename it to `selectQuery()` but couldn't because of `RepositoryInterface::query()`. Do we want to update the interface?

Reviewer: Hmm changing the interface will spill out into other plugins that are using the `RepositoryInterface` as well. I don't know if we get much benefit from breaking more plugins.

Author: Yeah, perhaps we can add Table::selectQuery() and keep query() as alias?

> - ``Table::query()`` has been removed. Instead operation focused methods have
>   been added (``updateQuery()``, ``selectQuery()``, ``insertQuery()``,
>   ``deleteQuery()``). These methods return specialized query objects that only
>   contain methods that are relevant to the kind of query being built. This
>   change helps reduce the opportunities for queries to silently do the wrong
>   thing.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- ``Table::query()`` has been removed in favor of query-type specific functions.
- ``Table::updateQuery()``, ``Table::selectQuery()``, ``iTable::nsertQuery()``, and `
  `Table::deleteQuery()``) were added and return the new type-specific query objects below.
 - ``SelectQuery``, ``InsertQuery``, ``UpdateQuery`` and ``DeleteQuery`` were added
   which represent only a single type of query and do not allow switching between query types nor
   calling functions unrelated to the specific query type.
```

  to retain the previous behavior.
- ``allowMultipleNulls`` option for ``isUnique`` rule now default to true matching
  the original 3.x behavior.
- ``Table::query()`` has been removed in favor of query-type specific functions.

> - ``Table::updateQuery()``, ``Table::selectQuery()``, ``iTable::nsertQuery()``, and `

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- ``Table::updateQuery()``, ``Table::selectQuery()``, ``Table::insertQuery()``, and `
```
